The country woke up to heart-breaking news today. Sridevi, India's first female superstar, is no more. The legendary actress breathed her last in Dubai, at the age of 54.
It was a massive cardiac arrest that snatched Bollywood's Hawa Hawai girl from us.
While the country is still struggling to deal with the shock, there is a lot of questions about her death. For one, how did Sridevi die.
Sridevi was in Dubai to attend her nephew, actor Mohit Marwah's wedding. The last week saw the who's who of Bollywood in the emirate for the big fat wedding. Sridevi's last photos and videos from the occasion are also being shared widely on social media.
On Saturday night (UAE local time), Sridevi reportedly had a fainting spell in her bathroom. The actress was immediately rushed to the Rashid Hospital in Dubai.
Sources in the Consulate General of India in the UAE (United Arab Emirates) stated that Sridevi was brought dead to the hospital.
"Her mortal remains were handed over to the forensic department," the source added.
Sridevi's brother-in-law Sanjay Kapoor confirmed the news, adding that Sridevi died around 11-11.30pm last night (UAE time).
Sanjay told Khaleej Times, "We are completely shocked. She had no history of a heart attack."
All Sridevi's family members and people from the Marwah family have left for Dubai.
After the post mortem is over, Sridevi's body will be brought back to India. A private jet is to take off from Mumbai for Dubai, to bring her mortal remains back to the country. Sridevi's funeral is to take place in Mumbai tomorrow.
The actress, best known for her work in films like Chandni, Lamhe and Mr India, left Bollywood and the country in indescribable shock.
ALSO SEE: Sridevi dies at 54, leaving Bollywood and the country in indescribable shock
ALSO SEE: Sridevi's last film will be Shah Rukh's Zero, not Mom
ALSO SEE: Did Amitabh have a premonition about Sridevi's death? His tweet suggests so
ALSO SEE: Sridevi got Padma Shri under UPA, tweets Congress. Deletes after massive trolling
ALSO SEE: Sridevi, gone too soon. Empress of South to Bollywood's box-office queen
ALSO WATCH: Sridevi dies of massive cardiac arrest at 54

